OS App Dev Essential Training	Simon Allardice	Learn how to build native applications for the iPhone and iPad using the iOS 7 SDK. Simon Allardice shows you how to work with Xcode 5, the most popular framework for developing, debugging, and deploying applications to Apple devices, and Objective-C, the language you'll use to actually program your app.
iOS 7 SDK New Features	Simon Allardice	Bring your iOS development skills—and your applications—up to speed with the new options in the iOS 7 SDK, including a new version of Xcode, Xcode 5, and the biggest overhaul to the user interface since the release of the original iPhone. Simon Allardice shows you how to create simpler designs that emphasize the principles of clarity and flexibility in the new UI, and add depth to your apps with translucency and layering.
OS SDK and SQLite: Building Data-Driven Apps	Bill Weinman	The iOS software development kit (SDK) includes the popular SQLite library, a lightweight yet powerful relational database engine that is easily embedded into an application. In this course, Bill Weinman teaches you how to build an RSS reader for iOS devices, integrating XML data and a streamlined interface.
Objective-C Essential Training	Simon Allardice	Get the tools you need, learn the structure of Objective-C, and get your first code up and running. Author Simon Allardice also walks you through the Foundation framework, a collection of prewritten code that makes the coding process easier; shows you how to design and build your own classes; and provides memory management techniques—the key to efficient programming. 
OS 4 Web Applications with HTML5 and CSS3	Ray Villalobos	iOS 4 Web Applications with HTML5 and CSS3 with Ray Villalobos teaches web developers how to leverage their existing CSS and HTML knowledge to create content that displays on iOS devices. The course covers creating animation to produce powerful interactive content, including a photo gallery and a video player.	
Distributing iOS Applications Through the App Store	Bill Weinman	Learn how to prepare an iOS application for submission to the App Store. Bill Weinman shows how to prepare the assets, generate the necessary certificates and provisioning profiles, create the bundle, submit your app to the App Store, and comply with Apple's requirements for marketing materials. 
iOS 6 SDK New Features	Simon Allardice	Bring your existing iOS development skills—and your own applications—up to speed with the new options in iOS 6 SDK. Author Simon Allardice covers not only the new features (including collection views and APIs for Facebook, Passbook, Maps, and Reminders), but also changes in hardware and the current best practices in iOS development.
iOS SDK: Building Apps with MapKit and Core Location	Veronique Brossier	This course shows iOS developers how to add location awareness and maps to Apple iPhone and iPad applications. Discover how to show customers and clients where you're located and share directions with them. Author Véronique Brossier covers the basic purpose of the Core Location and MapKit frameworks and how to integrate their services with your existing applications.
Xcode 5 New Features	Bill Weinman	Xcode is the toolset for building Mac and iOS apps—and with Xcode 5, the tools do more than ever to help you create fast, efficient, high-quality apps. Join Bill Weinman on a tour of Xcode's new features and what they mean for your OS X and iOS development workflow. 
Building Android and iOS Apps with Dreamweaver CS5	Joseph Lowery	Dreamweaver users: welcome to the brave new world of mobile app development. Now, with the PhoneGap plugin and basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, you can create apps for iOS and Android devices—and this course shows you how. Author Joseph Lowery first explains how to set up both Android and iOS work environments, including the simulators you'll need for testing your app on different phone models and operating systems.
Building and Monetizing Game Apps for iOS	Todd Perkins	Discover how to build an Android game and distribute it in the Google Play app store, using Cocos2d-x and the Eclipse Platform. Plus, author Todd Perkins shows how to monetize your game further with income from Google Mobile ads.
OS 6: iOS System Resources	Bill Weinman	Bill Weinman shows you how to harness system resources in your iOS projects, including the camera, Address Book, location services, URL schemes, geolocation, and more! Learn to provide translated text and other data when your app is used in international locales, access photos and video in the camera roll, and use URL schemes to launch browser and email windows. 