Web Fonts First Look	James Williamson	One of the major uses of Adobe InDesign is creating print documents, yet so many people struggle with getting their files to come out right. Learn the best way to preflight your document and check it for problems before it goes to print, in this quick InDesign Insider Training
CSS Fundamentals	James Williamson	This course contains a high-level overview of Cascading Style Sheets, while exploring the basic concepts, terminology, and tools of the language. Beginning with an exploration of CSS syntax, author James Williamson explains how CSS modifies text, borders, backgrounds, and color; demonstrates CSS and HTML integration; and contextualizes the current state of CSS.
CSS: Advanced Typographic Techniques	James Williamson	CSS is a veritable playground for type designers. It allows you to push the boundaries of typography, and explore new creative possibilities. In this course, senior lynda.com author James Williamson explores a number of advanced CSS typographic effects, including text shadows, animation, transforms, and transitions.
Creating and Managing a Blog Network with WordPress	Justin Seeley	This course presents the WordPress Multisite feature, which allows web site designers and administrators to create a network of sites and blogs from a single installation of WordPress. Author Justin Seeley covers installing the network components, configuring their web 
Photoshop for Web Design		Justin Seeley	The web design landscape is constantly changing, but Photoshop is still a classic. Designers use it to create UI elements, web graphics, wireframes, and functional mockups. Designs that transition beautifully and easily to production. Join staff author Justin Seeley as he reveals how Photoshop is used in the modern web design workflow.	
Muse Essential Training	James Fritz	Learn how to create HTML-based websites with Muse—a toolset familiar to anyone who has used Adobe Photoshop, InDesign, or Illustrator. Staff author Justin Seeley covers the design process from start to finish, from setting up web pages and populating them with graphics and text, to creating dynamic menus and adding special features such as widgets, slideshows, animations, embedded video, social media integration, and more.
CSS: Styling Forms	Ray Villalobos	This course covers CSS best practices and techniques for styling and structuring forms. Author Ray Villalobos explains how forms work, best practices for structuring HTML, new additions to forms in HTML5, and how to style individual elements. The course discusses how to use CSS to style traditional and custom elements and reviews browser discrepancies, custom elements, and custom fonts and how to style for different types of user feedback. 
JavaScript: Events	Ray Villalobos	This installment shows you how to build features that allow visitors to your online store to filter their selections interactively via sliders, drag items onto wish lists, and automatically save them locally. Author Joseph Lowery uses this scenario as an opportunity to introduce concepts such as HTML5 form elements with JavaScript enhancements, local content storage, and drag-and-drop.
Foundations of UX: Prototyping	James Williamson	Prototyping allows designers to quickly and inexpensively explore multiple iterations of designs, test their performance, and craft even better user experiences for websites and applications. Explore what prototypes are, when they are appropriate, and the different strategies for creating prototypes in this introductory course with lynda.com senior author James Williamson.
HTML5: document Editing in Depth	Bill Weinman	This course describes how to create editable content on the web using the document-editing application programming interface (API) in HTML5. Author Bill Weinman explains the document-editing process, detecting support for the document-editing API, using the contentEditable and designMode attributes, and editing a full document.
Bootstrap 3: Advanced Web Development	Ray Villalobos	Generate your own interactive website from scratch with Bootstrap, the mobile-friendly framework from Twitter, in this start-to-finish course with developer and author Ray Villalobos. 